Docs: Add content to what's new 9.4 (#65895)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v9-4.md

We've added support for custom session parameters.

> ## Postgres, MySQL, and MSSQL Datasources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Postgres, MySQL, and MSSQL data sources
```

> We've moved the `database` property under the `jsonData` key in the datasource configuration. This change is backwards compatible, and existing configurations will continue to work.

Reviewer: Moved it from where? I'm unsure if the database property was located under jsonData, or if jsonData is the new location.

Author: jsonData is the new location.

> We've moved the `database` property under the `jsonData` key in the datasource configuration. This change is backwards compatible, and existing configurations will continue to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `database` property is now under the `jsonData` key in the data source configuration. This change is backward compatible, and existing configurations will continue to work.
```
